Improve SVG entry in Image types (#38723)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/media/guides/formats/image_types/index.md

</svg>
```

SVG can be used in web content in three ways:

1. An {{SVGElement("svg")}} element can appear directly within the HTML. It can contain [SVG elements](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element) to draw the image.
2. An SVG image can be embedded in HTML using elements such as {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("object")}} and {{HTMLElement("embed")}}.

> 3. It is possible to use SVG images anywhere where other image types can be used, including with the {{HTMLElement("img")}} and {{HTMLElement("picture")}} elements, the {{cssxref("background-image")}} CSS property, and so forth. However, there are [additional restrictions](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Guides/SVG_as_an_image) when SVG is used in this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. It is possible to use SVG images anywhere where other image types can be used, including with the {{HTMLElement("img")}} element, the {{cssxref("background-image")}} CSS property, and so forth. However, there are [additional restrictions](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Guides/SVG_as_an_image) when SVG is used in this way.
```

I’d suggest keeping only `<img>` element in this list, since `<picture>` is just a wrapper that supplies it with additional features and it’s `<img>` that’s rendered on the page.

Looks great, otherwise!
